# Task-Virtuality-and-Innovation
When Tasks Get Virtual: How Tasks Virtuality Affects Work Behavior and Innovative Capabilities

Since organizations have become more global, the structures in organizations have been transformed into more flexible units. With these changes, many new approaches have emerged in management practice. Among all others, virtuality in organizations received a growing attention in the last decade. Extensive amount of research confirmed the fact that virtuality plays a crucial role in organizations. Findings linked virtuality to a number of variables including organizational and behavioral outcomes, which range from team leadership to employee feelings, lack of face-to-face contact between people at the workplace resulted in fierce challenges that raised the barriers for organizational effectiveness and innovativeness. Although the dynamics of virtual working have gained much traction, only a limited number of studies addressed the impacts of virtuality at the individual and task level. This paper discusses the implications of task virtuality by elaborating its impacts on work related, behavioral outcomes as well as innovation capabilities of knowledge employees. 

When Tasks Get Virtual: How Tasks Virtuality Affects Work Behavior and Innovative Capabilities (PDF Download Available). Available from: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/320881596_When_Tasks_Get_Virtual_How_Tasks_Virtuality_Affects_Work_Behavior_and_Innovative_Capabilities [accessed Nov 16 2017].
